fix(v4Blacklist): modify v4 blacklist doc (#648)
emqx/cloud-docs: en_US/deployments/blacklist.md

# Blacklist

The blacklist is used to prohibit client connections from being matched and is suitable for restricting a small number of clients. The control of the blacklist will expire after the validity period.

## Add Blacklist

From the left-navigation menu of EMQX Platform Console, select **Authentication & ACL** -> **Blacklist**. Click **+ Add** on the top right to add a client to the blacklist.

![blacklist](./_assets/blacklist_new.png)

### Type and Value

The client to be added to the blacklist can be identified by the following types. Set the target value according to the selected blacklist type:

- Client ID: Restrict a specific client by its client ID.
- Username: Restrict a specific client by its username.
- Client IP: IPv4 address.

### Expiration Time

The maximum expiration time is 99 years. The minimum expiration time is 5 minutes, and it cannot be earlier than the current time.

::: warning Note

> EMQX Platform comes with a default "Flapping" protection mechanism. This mechanism aims to protect your broker from potential malicious connection attempts. If a client reconnects more than 120 times within one minute, it will be automatically added to the blacklist. The client ID will be retained in the blacklist for 60 minutes, during which time the specific client ID will be unable to reconnect to your deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EMQX Platform comes with a default "Flapping" protection mechanism. This mechanism aims to protect your broker from potential malicious connection attempts. If a client reconnects more than 120 times within one minute, it will be automatically added to the blacklist. The client ID will be retained in the blacklist for 60 minutes, during which time the specific client ID will not be able to reconnect to your deployment.
```
